There several containers, each one with a particular propose.

# Anonimizate
## Share services using tor
Dockerfile-anon is a image to desgined to share any content or service you could need using tor network. In first place \
install everything to a correct functionality with tor installed.

It was conceibed to be execute like
'{sudo docker run --name redteam_anon --rm -v "$(pwd)"/anonServices-vol:/anonServices -v "$(pwd)"/torService:/var/lib/tor/ -i -t redteam/anon bash}'

Sharing the volumen with the anonServices-vol, where a web service could be found  or file to share through ftp, and /var/lib/tor/ from the container \
where we can find the onion url to access the service


in anonServices-vol we can find a script that will copy the tor configuration in torrc.aux to torrc, restart the tor service and start a web service with \
python in the folder webService of the project.


## Anonimimate the traffic in the host using the tor-container
The second part of this image is to 'torify' all the traffic of the host.
In first place we're are going to torify just a terminal session with torify. For that first install torify
sudo apt install torify

Modify the config in /etc/tor/torsocks.conf and chage the Tor Address for the address of the container.

In the host /etc/tor/torsocks.conf
TorAddress 172.17.0.2
TorPort 9100

In the container:
#To localhost use, without this the container can't connect to tor net
SocksPort 9050
#To be from external computers. A different port imply a different tor connection. We could even play with this.
SocksPort 172.17.0.2:9100

With this we have all the traffic generated by a terminal session torify but what about the rest? What if burpsuite is betraying us?



Execute
. torsocks on

For this to work remember modify the torrc file in the container

and for testing just do a:
curl https://miip.es | html2text
